This is a head gum original.
Found a be heard this show ever, of them in the live show.
Oh yeah! Okay, cool.
What was that?
That was my friend's song.
You can call me daddy.
It's um...
Jeff, have you ever been called daddy in the bedroom?
I'll plead the fifth on any sex questions that I'm fielding.
F-E-E-L-D, shout out to those who know.
Listen, let's talk about who we've got on the show today
because we've got the return of the prodigal son and a new guest.
First, ever time on the airwaves for this show.
Give it up for Dane Cardell and Bowen Bowles.
Woo! Woo! Woo!
Is it Cardell or Cardell? I've only said it once.
Yeah, you kind of fuck that up. It's like Cardell.
Fuck.
Dane podcast acquisitions manager.
Right?
A little bit above that, but basically.
CCO.
VP of that, but...
I'm getting no help from him here here.
Uh, yeah.
You don't deserve help.
And some sort of leaving you at C without a raft.
Fucking damn it.
Um, and then Fallon, you and I did improv together in college.
Yes, we did.
Oh, good old second nature.
Yeah.
You can call her daddy second nature.
Um, yeah, we're back in the day at the USC.
You got the fights on, Anna.
I'm so happy.
Really good.
I don't know it by heart.
Here we go.
Should we try and see if we can do it?
Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane.
How the hell does he know it?
Yeah.
That might be his CLA's.
I only know what.
It's absolute brainwashing.
Hey, you can get in there.
Was this it?
I think this is like the prequel.
Okay.
Oh, this was it, Dane.
Anyway.
That sounds more familiar.
Um, yeah.
UCB fame.
TikTok fan.
Anything else you want to plug in?
Uh, plug in the the TikTok plugin, uh,
member of young Douglas, which was a UCB team.
All right.
He rested in peace.
Uh, she's she's gone.
But we're still alive.
So we're still around.
And that's, uh, all my plugs.
Assistant Astrid and air.
Extraordinary.
Um, but TikTok mainly.
Yeah.
That's, that's my claim to fame.
Oh, yeah.
And then Dane, you were mentioning you went to a mushroom festival or something?
Yeah.
You know, we do all the like the boutique little like, you know,
upstate New York little wool festivals, mushroom festivals festivals.
Nice.
Festivals.
Yeah.
That's good.
How many how many weekends would you say you're out of festival?
It's usually every weekend during the summer.
I actually got a taxi during me, uh, Scorpion at the last festival.
Oh, so much as that run.
Right.
It was a solid 150.
It was up here.
Can we see it?
Do you have it?
Yeah.
Scorpions are my biggest tangible fear in this world.
Have we talked about this on the show?
Oh, no way, man.
That sucks to see for me in a frame.
So what is it?
What is it filled with when they see it's taxidermy?
Well, I don't know.
I, I'm using that word very nicely.
But um, it's a real scorpion and it's preserved.
Yeah.
It's shadow box nicely.
It's filled with reserves.
Ah.
Yeah.
I like go back beside it.
No.
Not anymore.
You already used that last week.
It sucked.
And it was solar.
Really?
Apparently it means when are you coming home in Hindu?
Okay.
That's fair then.
I'll allow it.
Yeah.
For.
For Halloween.
We bought a um, a taxidermy bat.
Second hand on you.
Yeah.
This is now a hobby then.
You like you like critters things that go bump in the night.
It took my dog 24 hours to eat that thing whole.
He ate a taxidermy bat whole whole.
And wait.
Isn't that sharp and deadly?
Like how do you?
Yeah.
There are a lot of bad things that come from it.
My dog stomach is iron.
Did you?
So how did you?
Were you there for any of it?
Like that seems like he would take hours to chew through it.
He was building him.
One more bite.
Scamp.
Is it a big dog?
Like that sounds very painful.
It's like 35.
So, you know, there's just like little bits of things that could be wrong with that.
You know, but you observe, you know, is a panteen?
Is it sort of killing over?
Anyway.
So, you just everything was fine.
Find it.
And then you were like, oh no, I think the dog ate it.
Or you saw like him chewing on the head as a finish.
No, no.
It was just literally nowhere to be found.
So, not even like the teeth or the feet or anything.
How could a dog eat a fucking bat and be fine?
That seems not right.
You're really fixating on this bat stomach.
How did they just try to say something interesting?
And now you're like doubling down.
I'm curious.
Yeah.
How big is the bat that he ate it, do you think?
You have pictures?
Pretty big.
Like seven inches, maybe six inches.
So, you think he chewed throughout slowly like a bone?
No, I probably have like two bites, three bites, swallow.
Oh, like he was just like a thin cracker.
Anyway.
And you want to have a fun story is about about that.
Fallen jump in.
Okay.
I do actually have a good dog eating story.
I will say not as good as eating about whole, but I have a phobia of gum chewing gum
because when I was young, I found my Irish terrier just chewing on a piece of gum.
Casually in my kitchen.
And I, you know, in my mind, I was like, that's not what the dog should be doing.
But she went through a period of time where she would take gum out of the trash can
and just chew on it.
And that could lead to a phobia in you.
Yeah, now I can't chew gum because it's for dogs.
Gum is for dogs.
It's probably going to end up on the out of context Twitter account.
You'll sell it.
I want a wild ride.
This is crazy.
This is New Soundboard, baby.
Oh, we do have a good one.
You guys just energy is sour.
Found the one that's smiling out of joy.
Dane is smiling out of contempt and a mirror isn't vacant today.
So half of like your energy is bad, but one of your guests is good and the other one is fine.
That seems like pretty good normal decent average for this show.
All right.
We have some segments to get to, but I thought we could sort of wax until then.
I love it.
Yeah.
What's new in New York, Dane and Fallon?
Different parts in New York, but oh, sorry.
We definitely don't have those guys.
You're not New York.
Not New York.
Because in 9-11, you can't fly over the city.
It's over.
It's been done.
Yeah.
I forgot that out.
The mirror tread lightly.
Obviously.
Fuck.
I finalized before this.
I had a call found to finalize that I'm coming to New York for three months.
Can we play that homecoming sound that you have?
Dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
Not that one.
Yeah.
This girl is off.
Um.
Yeah.
Ferris Cup.
Believe this out.
But.
So I'm literally going to be like two weeks for you.
You're my neighbor.
Yeah.
Please cut this out.
You're a block to wax away for me.
Yeah.
We can meet up at Nudes and Chill every day.
Yes.
That is what we examined that there's a place called Nudes and Chill on the episode that
came out today.
What's Nudes and Chill about?
Like, what's the vibe?
It's like, fuck, right?
Mm-hmm.
It's like BYU.
Oh.
Get your fuck.
Sit on the.
No bathroom.
No bottles.
Little scary.
But that.
It's New York.
Classic.
It's Manhattan.
It's absolutely Manhattan.
It's not.
It's Brooklyn.
That shouldn't have changed the mood.
You were wrong.
I was just correcting you.
It's not.
You also specified Manhattan.
You could have just set the York.
You would have been wrong, but nobody would have known.
It's no weehawkin'.
Yeah.
It's not New Jersey.
That's true.
So it's Manhattan.
No.
Not everything.
That's not weehawkin'.
It's Manhattan.
Yeah.
We're not on the same page.
So don't like agree with me.
No.
Not a percent or not.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
There's a disconnect that I can't help but remedy for the next 30 minutes.
Yes.
Not remedy, but yes.
There is a disconnect.
Yes.
We'll fix it.
Probably not.
Dan.
Have you all thought about a couple's therapy?
Maybe for like friends.
Yeah.
It's hard to say about this.
That's for people who want to even get a lot.
I like the fact that we're not good like that.
Like I don't want to be boys with him.
That would make me boys and Tim.
Tim.
Yeah.
And I don't want to be close with you.
I want to be Glenn closest.
Few.
You know what I mean?
Where it's like.
Oh, thank god Jeffrey's here.
So I know somebody.
I'm thinking about doing a studio in New York.
Yeah.
I think you have.
It's nice to be able to go down.
Go to some house parties.
Birthday parties.
A couple of events here and there.
Mm.
It's nice.
I miss out.
Do you have a house here?
You guys sort of ask the same question.
Do you have a house in Kingston?
And do you want to pee at a tear?
Yeah.
I don't know what that means.
I'm laughing.
But I don't know what it means.
That's a good sound bite.
You should keep that Jeff for later.
Full steam ahead.
Um, did you guys see this New York Times article?
Uh, talking about how 37 year olds are afraid of the 23 year olds who work for them?
Yes.
I also saw the Twitter spaces audio room that you hosted about it.
It seemed like you hadn't read it by the way.
I wanted to continue the discussion from the space.
And on in terms of the idea of older millennials having some sort of
chasm between them and older gen Z,
or who are now entering the workforce in sort of what?
What does that divide mean for?
Companies such as I have a video.
I don't know.
And we should say I have not read the article still.
Yeah.
But let's have it.
Well, it's not.
It's none of us have read it.
I think in this point.
So we have nothing to discuss.
Have you ever read it?
Sadly no, but it's definitely something that's been on my mind.
Yes.
Because you're 26.
Yeah.
I did that out.
Um.
Not at all.
I'm 36.
I'm 26.
Absolutely.
It's a sound way older.
Is that young millennial technically or?
Yeah.
We're on the cost.
95 and 96 are millennial gen Z costs.
I get some of this some stuff.
In fact, that I said I get some stuff.
Making it obvious at how I'm older.
Well, you're on tech talk.
So that's that's point in your favor.
Thank you so much.
A mirror is also on tech talk.
But point against you.
Again.
I don't know who to choose.
This is like Sophie's choice.
Yeah.
Oh, then you off.
Interesting.
Sorry.
One second.
No discussion.
No.
I'm not even going to say slash sphere.
We had at one point.
Marty Michael.
My 37 year old boss and me.
23.
And then we had other people that were my age and some other people that were kind of his age.
Found you.
Offer and represent this unique perspective of someone who lies in the in between the days between as they say.
Yep.
Has they said?
What has your experience been in the workplace since you graduated in terms of
dealing with these.
These are these millennial crusty asses.
Sorry.
Dana's a beautiful.
I don't feel any older than like you.
So it's not like I'm insulted in a way.
We're all just hanging out having a crusty geezer.
Now that's not how I feel internally.
So you can answer the question.
But just know that you're not insulting me.
Well, they goodness.
Well, my boss will definitely listen.
So let me tell you, you're not an ancient geaser.
Thank you.
I needed to hear that.
Two second of her boss.
Yeah.
For sure.
To Charlie.
You know, it's been a lot of let me show you this meme.
It's been a lot of let me explain this meme to you.
It's been a lot of how funny is this Instagram reel.
Oh my god.
Your days behind.
You know, we went through that already.
But yeah, it's been a lot of hijinks,
Pranks.
I, as an assistant.
I do a lot of pranks.
That's pretty pretty.
I'm pretty great.
Hiding is a lot of it.
Yeah.
You go to work and you hide at work or hiding,
meaning you just don't show up to work.
I think outside in the bushes.
Right.
That's what I was worried about.
No, going to work.
Doing the, doing the work, of course.
Right.
Always doing the work.
We're all doing the work.
We're here doing the work.
But there was a moment in time where I would hide out and play.
Mario Kart mobile version on my phone.
So.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Highly recommend.
And you said your boss is going to listen to this.
Jesus.
I think she already knows.
Now this was a few years ago, few years back.
But it's been fun.
It's.
I definitely don't seem threatening though.
I think the interns are more threatening than I.
Right.
Because that's that Gen Z.
Wave.
I mean, I feel like you're more.
More Gen or Millennial.
I would say.
I read.
I resonate with that.
You know, my first, you know, media job 15 bucks an hour.
I would take an hour nap break in the fashion closet every day.
What company is this?
This is Connie Nast.
Yeah.
Right.
Connie Nast.
Found a freaking Nast.
Did you ever get con day nasty in the office?
Like.
Just wondering in terms of.
No.
Start the show.
I think I think the waxing thing.
Didn't go quite according to your plan.
The con day nasty thing was sort of the nidier of the entire event.
So why don't we call it?
Yeah.
That's good.
Welcome to.
Yeah.
Bond.
We can tell the next James Bond is cast.
We're going to offer up who are bonds of the week are.
Dane, do you have a bond of the week?
Have we said Harry Styles yet?
That's really good.
The question is, is Styles bigger than Bond already?
No.
I don't think he is actually.
I think the, I think Bond is bigger.
Yeah.
I get that.
And that was like, you guys all took like a pregnant pause there.
Let's try to avoid those because we can't really edit the show.
Dane, you came in at the absolute last second.
And you saved it.
But if anybody had waited one more beat,
we would have had to start the whole fucking thing over again.
So let's just kind of be conscious of that.
Harry Styles lives at.
He lives.
He does.
That's true.
Yeah.
It's an unbelievably not private house.
I don't understand why they live there.
Do you guys have any bonds of the week?
So Dane, you offered up Harry Styles.
I think that's an amazing choice.
Yeah.
Because my pick is Robes Pier.
Who?
Robes Pier.
He's a dead French revolutionary isn't it?
Yes.
I was going to say he's sort of a radical French revolutionist.
Who?
He has that killer type.
I think that's true.
Okay.
Well, you know what?
Everybody keeps telling me that Bond doesn't have to be British.
It's only let's open it up to fucking anything then.
Dead or alive.
Robes Pier.
Because he has the killer instinct and he values virtue over evil.
Yeah.
He died in 1794.
So yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
I just think he would rock the suit.
He doesn't know what movies are.
There's no way he could act.
He's French.
Right.
Doesn't speak English.
And again, he's been dead for over two centuries.
Most of it.
I think let's just keep him on the selects for now.
And we'll do like a round of callbacks.
So to be here.
He's not a mix.
Robes Pier.
Yeah.
He's not worth giving a chemistry read to.
I think it is.
He doesn't have a fine.
Who's your bond of the week?
Aaron Rogers.
Star quarterback who's been sort of taking it to the woke liberal elite.
Today for calling him out for not getting vaccinated.
And he's sort of the hero we deserve to sort of do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
And he has a.
And he has a strong.
That's not funny.
It's the worst chuckle to hear.
It's a hard.
It's a hard sort of a tight grip in a really nice spiral.
That's not anything that James Bond needs.
You can.
Yeah.
We're super boring.
During.
Aaron Rogers has a good glance.
I think that's that's important.
Great.
Yeah.
And he's dating Shaley Woodley.
He is.
Which is for now.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Do you know something we don't know.
I don't know.
But I imagine this is probably problematic for their relationship.
Do you want to be associated with this guy?
I don't.
Maybe she likes it.
Yeah.
Maybe she's like that too.
Could be.
I mean.
What does she have part of the Bernie campaign though?
Yeah.
Why she?
It's a weird fit.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
But I think she's anti-vaxx as well.
Not to start rumors.
Yeah.
Oh, really.
She doesn't.
Aaron said that he's not anti-vaxx today.
It's so much dumber when people are not vaccinated.
But they're like, well, I'm not anti-vaxx.
So you're.
Then you're fucking idiot.
Okay.
Well, tread lightly because this is the next bond potentially.
You don't want to lose favor with James.
Jeffrey James Bond.
Besides you, I think, um, a Dell.
But that was before I know you didn't have to be British.
Yeah.
A Dell would be good.
And she's already done the song.
So she's kind of in the verse.
Yeah.
Fantastic.
James Bond extended cinematic universe.
Ian Fleming.
Oh, she'd be so good.
She'd be amazing.
Yeah.
Uh, we just moved on to our next segment.
Are you guys ready?
Yeah.
I think we exhausted the, uh, bond options.
Oh, we just have to take a break.
Jesus, man.
Do it before the theme.
This podcast is sponsored by Better Help Online Therapy.
Check out BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
Guys, life is full of stressors.
Ain't it?
It doesn't matter who you are or what you have.
Your life is probably stressful.
You may not be feeling totally down and out in the press or like you're out of total loss.
Your stress is high.
Your temper is shorter than usual.
Or even if you started to feel strain in any of your relationships.
You could probably use the chance to unload.
So unload the stress and get it out by talking to somebody who's completely unbiased about
your life.
Someone who isn't going to judge you or take sides on anything.
And when there are things you feel like you can't tell anyone or feel like you can't unload
to family and friends and you need to unload it.
That's what therapy can be.
Better help comes in exactly then.
By being customized to online therapy that offers video phone and even live chat sessions
with your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in person therapy.
And you can start communicating with your therapist and under 48 hours.
So unload the stressors and get some unbiased feedback.
You'd be pretty surprised at what you might learn.
And the headgon podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp.
And you guys get 10% off your first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's BETT-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks BetterHelp.
Thank you to HelloFresh for sponsoring this episode of our show.
HelloFresh gives you fresh, pretty portioned ingredients.
And seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorsteps.
So skip trips to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy.
Fun and affordable.
That's why it's America's number one home meal kit.
As the holidays are coming up, right?
But HelloFresh helps keep things simple with recipes and ingredients that cut out grocery shopping
and limit meal prep time.
So you can spend more of the festive season with family and friends.
HelloFresh isn't just for meals, by the way.
Their marketplace features a variety of add-ons for breakfast and desserts and seasonal snacks like
for example, Pillsbury, Pumpkin, Gokito.
I have used one of the other competitors of HelloFresh.
I'm not going to mention who it is.
And I've also used HelloFresh and HelloFresh is ingredients.
I must say are much cleaner, much more fresh, tasteier.
And easier to use in cook.
I'm not great at weeknight dinners and HelloFresh made it easy.
So if you're going to do a meal prep kit, you got to go with America's number one AKA HelloFresh.
So go to HelloFresh.com slash what's that?
14 and use code what's that?
14 to get up to 14 free meals and three gifts.
That's amazing.
This is the biggest offering that any sponsors ever given us.
Again, that's HelloFresh.com slash what's that?
14 and use code what's that?
14 for 14 free meals.
That's so many and three free gifts.
So check that out guys.
HelloFresh.
America's number one meal kit.
On to a buck.
Here we go.
Welcome to foul and bulls or falling bulls.
The name of the game is foul and bulls or falling bulls.
Here we go.
Do you guys know how to play?
Have you guys played this before?
We played similar games that you've invented.
But not specifically this one.
Okay, so I'm going to play the sound of something that's either foul and or a bull.
I'm ready.
This is for actual cash by the way.
$100 for every right answer.
$100 owed to me for every wrong answer.
Winner takes all.
I don't want to go with any.
Correct.
Dane is correct with bull.
That was a bull following off of a kitchen table.
All right.
Here we go.
When I want to feel like Bimbo Baggins.
I take a dump at Sunday in Brooklyn.
This bathroom is the shire.
Look at that stone sink.
What glass?
Pables or a stack?
I don't want to Venmo you, but it's a bull.
That was you.
Obviously.
Now you have to Venmo me.
Now you owe me $100.
All right.
Sending it now.
You're just sent it to Dane at this point.
Here we go.
You guys ready for the next one?
This is crazy.
Yeah.
If you haven't got to the bathroom and Mr. Fong's, you're literally no one.
This bathroom is iconic.
It's got running water.
It's got paper towels.
It's got to be found.
A mirror is tied with Dane.
Both at 100 here we go.
Next one.
Jesus man.
Bull.
Correct.
Dane is cleaning house.
All right.
Can I guess before?
Yes.
I'm going to go with Bull again.
I put you back at 100.
I'm sorry.
You're tied with me.
It was going to be.
It was going to be found.
So I guess.
Here we go.
Last one.
No.
This is the next one.
Uh.
I'm going to say Bull.
Correct.
All right. You guys all got a hundred dollars.
Actually found you broke even and Dane in a mirror.
You got a hundred dollars.
So we're going to have to do a.
I guess this is a winner takes all around.
This is all off the top.
Here we go.
Ah.
Wasn't prepared for this.
If you're not having this piece of your life,
you've got to come and cry about.
Speak.
Can't wait to say beef.
That's going to be wrong.
I'm here.
You're going home with a hundred.
Clams, man.
I'm going to go up a sunny.
What's funny?
I'm sorry, but what's funny?
I'm not going to send you to cash back for that.
Don't send it to me.
And I'm going to keep it if you send me a hundred dollars.
This is so fucked up.
Oh, not really.
Oh.
What a game.
Huh?
Oh, it's official.
Are you ready for it?
We'll get into our next segment in a second.
This one's going to be a lot of fun.
This is very open to your guys.
Creative minds.
And all of which I respect.
It's a very degrees.
So we'll get into it, actually.
Let's see what this might hold.
Welcome to name that state.
Welcome to name that absolute state.
So this is the continent.
No, it's the 48 continental states.
Um, a lot of you really good at this.
I think I know them all.
Okay.
That's actually not what the game is.
I don't know why I thought so because you said it was named that state.
The correct.
The name of the game is named that state.
The idea is that a lot of these names that we have currently.
Yeah.
They're not quite cutting it for me.
I say you want to rename that state.
Sure.
So like not sure.
That's the name that the game is renamed the state.
You're not doing me a favor.
If this is how it's going to be.
Let's show right now.
Obviously.
Let's end it.
Sure.
It's like you're letting it slide for me.
I am.
Because you thought it was named every state.
Instead, it's let's rename the states.
Right.
Yes.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Like what if Idaho was wide of.
Sure.
That's an example of a state being slightly different.
I like that one because it's really not.
Mouse.
I'm over it.
All right.
So basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to shout.
I'm going to point to a state and shout out one of your guys's names.
You guys are going to just give it the first name that it comes off your thing.
We'll kind of keep going until we kind of fill out the map here.
Here we go.
Idaho is going to stick.
So I'm not going to point there.
Fallen.
Mm-hmm.
New name for Indiana.
Oh.
Um.
Uh.
Oh.
Um.
Uh.
Catholic.
So the Indianapolis.
Yeah.
All right.
Um.
You're going to write it down or you're just going to sort of just remember it.
There's only 48.
I'm pointing to Tennessee and let's see what day it has.
Um.
This is the same.
Should be so much faster than this.
Ten to be.
That's pretty good.
As in Jeffrey's games.
Ten to be.
Pretty bad.
No, that's not funny.
As I put a lot of work into these.
Not really.
He's just sort of uploaded a.
I'm writing ten to be down.
Ten to be.
All right.
I'm here.
Texas.
New name.
Uh.
Fincilvania.
No, because it doesn't.
Yes.
You guys aren't here at this.
Here we go.
Why don't we go as one.
Why don't we like it?
What about instead of Nevada?
It's trepidacious.
Why is that any better than ten to be?
This is so balanced.
It's not how I wanted.
Catholic was great.
Thank you.
All right.
It's not a hard science.
Illinois.
They're all fine.
What do you mean they're all fine?
They're all equally.
Yeah.
Exactly.
But you don't have to yell that like.
Dan's was bad or mine wasn't good.
And then sneakers were the best.
Why do I hose the best?
I like Las Vegas trepidacious.
I know you do.
That's the problem.
Let's get one for Illinois Amir.
Illinois.
Like a knee swath salad.
All right.
It's another one.
It's not quite far enough from the state already that I would like to be.
Why the hell is adding a single letter to Idaho?
Mine was a lot further.
West Virginia.
Let's go vest Virginia.
Yes.
Very similar.
Yeah.
So it's like Virginia but with a vest on it.
Take me home.
Country Road.
To a flame.
I have a side.
Best Virginia.
Yeah.
Mountain.
Take me home.
Country Road.
That was important.
Dan, let's get one for Florida.
Lipstick.
It's really good.
Miami Lipstick.
Okay.
Now we're thinking.
Fallen.
Let's take it all the way to New Mexico.
Oh.
New Mexico.
Let me go.
Turquoise.
That's good.
True to the region.
Absolutely.
I love that.
Amir, your home state.
California.
Let's hear it.
Dates.
Dates too.
West Nevada.
But Nevada at this point is trepidacious.
So is it West trepidacious or is it West Nevada?
That's trepidacious.
Technically, it's West trepidacious if we're naming California after Nevada.
West trepidacious.
Kind of.
Kind of slabs.
I'm blind.
So trepidacious is good, but West trepidacious is bad.
You're bad at improv.
All right.
I'm going to hit us with a new name for Utah instead of Utah.
What if it was like flounder?
What if it was?
Man.
That's better.
By the way, you had a week to think of this.
Right?
Because you know the name was coming.
Go on Tuesday.
Yes.
Tuesdays.
We did up time.
Three days.
Still years are worse than ours.
And we're coming up with them on the spot.
Flounder?
Founder.
I didn't think about it until then.
It's an improv.
All right.
Colorado.
Fallen.
What do you got?
Colorado.
Baldwin.
So it would be bolder, Baldwin.
Yes.
This is really good.
Now we're really starting to think I love lipstick.
I love bald men.
Let's do Wyoming.
Man.
Where is Wyoming?
Is there?
I'm here.
Your man.
Why doming?
Are you kidding me?
What?
That's what wide a ho is.
Yeah.
I'm so important.
I'm running with it.
Why doming?
There's a bunch of states that start with new.
And now there's a bunch of states that start with wide.
All right.
Fine.
Dan, a new one for Michigan.
Michigan.
New.
Perfect.
Yeah.
I think Michigan is a good one.
Shiny.
Absolutely.
Word of the week.
Danger's got a thousand dollars.
Well, I see.
It was absolutely shimmy.
Pretty sure you went.
We can review the tape.
But I think you went for the soundboard before Dan said shimmy.
All right.
I'm just going to.
Here we go.
Oh my god.
What a.
Log into your chase.
Bank account.
What a burden.
This is going to be.
Huh.
I want you to log into your chase account right now.
And we can just sort of take a look at what's going on in there.
Take a look at my bank account.
I see it.
One I got.
Yeah.
Hawaii.
Let's read him.
To what?
Warm.
Town.
So be hot.
No.
We're not a town.
It's a town.
So it's a town.
That's not a town.
It's not just a city.
It's what about pansus?
No.
Because then you're only changing when we're lettering.
If you're not going to play the right way then don't play.
Yeah.
Because I think you did.
You did a one letter one earlier.
I think.
Did it?
Didn't you do vest virginia?
Was that you?
Let's revisit Ohio for the first time or homestay. Yes, I wonder if Dane could give us a name for Ohio.
Um, let's go with, um, um, um, kiss from Ohio. Let's go with, uh, Jim. Jim who, just Jim, well, I'm going to say
to Jim Ohio, but, uh, yes, you said, let's do Jim. Yeah. So Jim Brown Columbus, Jim. Yeah. All right.
Yeah. Um, let's round it out. Let's do Louisiana and then we'll finish it out with the best
state of all, maim. We all laugh at the thought. You want to finish this out, Fallen? Okay. Um,
what about, maim, maim. Spell the same, maim. Yeah, maim. Portland, man, MA, YA, and E. One
matter switch. I like that. Let's innovate. Yeah. Listen, we made, we've covered a lot of ground today,
but I wanted to ask if you guys had any questions. Excuse me. If we had any questions for you,
what could you possibly know? They covered a lot of ground. I'm wondering if you have any
questions, like I know I was going kind of fast. We played a game where, yeah. Yeah. Please walk away.
We've played falling balls or Fallen balls and you want to know if we have any questions for you.
You're taking a chord. It's going. Yeah. Yes. The card is computer. Confused. That's fair. That's good.
It's nice. That's happening. Yeah. Right now. Should have been, should have been charged already,
of course, but we'll take it at the forefoot. Yeah. It's funny. That was easy.
Well, got it. So you, uh, so let's do, yeah, let's do questions. What do you guys got?
Fallen. I have a question for you. Yeah. What, uh, what, what, what game, ski ball or
darts? Oof. I'm going to take a second there. Darts. Let's go. Should we?
Right now. That's the game that the three of us will play when Jeff is in town. Perfect. I
knew it's a chill. The fall place. We'll bring a dartboard. The bull's eyes are noodle.
Um, so you guys seriously didn't have any questions? No. I mean, we did. I got a question for
Dane. Oh, okay. Uh, how to show up state. Uh, eight months. Okay. And you love it.
I don't know. I feel like there's, there's something to be said about like chasing happiness. And then
not chasing happiness. And like, this is a version of not chasing it. I would say
Cliff, like, city is like, you know, you're like Jeff, you're absolutely chasing happiness.
By going to the city for three months. Yeah. That sounds miserable to me.
Sorry. Well, the problem is that Jeff is always where he is. Like, you can leave LA, but it's
looking to be, well, you. Um, what you need to do is sort of not change your city, but be a
different person, a happier person. You're not exercising or practicing joy. You're just sort of
being miserable in California than moving 3,000 miles and being miserable there. Yeah. Well,
it's hard because like, I spread so much joy. And it takes so much out of me. You don't
you're a giver. No, he gives. He's not giver. I would say. Yeah. So I'm ancient.
What is this? What is this fucking smear campaign? You guys are inspiring against me in a
private chat. 100% you are. I spread nothing but joy and liable. And I get both
nerian return liable. You enjoy and I spread joy. I spread joy and legs.
Incredible. I have a question for a mirror. Yeah. Yes. The painting behind you.
The sky. Yeah. This guy. It's actually a picture. It's like a giant IKEA photo. Or it's like a
giant photo art that you can get at IKEA. So instead of painting this giant white wall,
we put it up there. A lot of it. You don't have to say that. It's absolute garbage and a horrible
choice for the space because the issue is like you just went to IKEA and said, oh, what would fit
this wall instead of trying to make the wall work for your personal memories and keep
safe like Dane. Dane goes to festivals. Dane thinks taxidermy insects and critters put someone
wall for joy. Yeah. You put a rope ridge on the wall which causes me anxiety anytime. I have
to podcast with you. This one's nice. I'm on a teardottering wall. Oh, that's nice. I love that. That's nice.
Yeah. So that's sort of like that. It's not just nice. It's the way the way the room comes together.
Yeah. Lots of other things. It's a whiteboard and a prop for mess and hell that I took when
I was there. So there is some sort of keepsakes around the room. Yeah. All right, plugs. What
do you guys work on? What do you want to point the people to social media? The floor is yours. Let's
go Fallen Dane Amir. Okay. I just want to take a second. I want to plug this shirt that I bought.
It's called Miaodi. Wow. It's cats with Western cats with guns. I'm not plugging guns.
And then my TikTok. I've been posting a lot of if you want to bathroom recommendation in
York. I got you covered. What's your TikTok? I'm on TikTok. Oh, I got a, I got a, I got a
fall. Yeah. It's just my name. You know, boring. But I might change it up soon. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Ballant, foul and bulls. Okay. But I did do a lot of it's called the NYC. Am I allowed to
curse on this? Please. NYC, shit list. Uh, it's an identity IP list. And that's me. And I also do a lot of
meme cosplay. And I killed her. You're very more ashamed. And you're very more. Yeah.
So if you want a little mix of crazy content, I got you covered. You got some viral hits in here.
You got some 100,000 plusers. Oh, yeah. That's not easy. Thank you so much. I'm honored to see here.
Yeah. Good work. Good job at you. Thank you. How, yeah. Howding myself on the back.
Jeff, you started posting to TikTok like about a year ago. And then you sort of gave up. Was it?
You didn't want to see the, you didn't want to try because you were afraid to fail. Well,
it got to be funny. But fail. Yeah. Go bank. Yes. Yeah.
But instead of using that to power me through on the day to day of it all, I use that as a way to just not even try.
Yeah. I don't think my brain works in terms of TikToks. I'm not good at characters.
I don't think in terms of what's hot off the presses. I think in terms of what's evergreen for
all ages, genders, creeds, religions. And I just, what this show has become is sort of a
topical evergreen show for the ages slash family, friendly. It's an arena to listen to,
orally. I'm sort of an oral master joy. Yeah. That is your new Instagram profile bio, isn't it?
That's all my answer to why I haven't posted a TikTok in like a year.
Because you're the oral master of the way.
Dane, what do you got? You know, I'm going to plug our friendship, Jeff. Because if you
like, it's a floor of the, you know, that and the YouTube comment section and plug the
section of the show. I see you had gum, staff sees you. Keep it coming. Hell yeah, I'm here.
I just want to say that a lot of people talk shit about Jeff for like hosting this show in a stupid way.
Thank you for, um, what's your service? I know it was just sort of giving a voice to those
voiceless. Because they don't necessarily have a lot of Instagram Twitter followers and so I'm
just, yeah, we might. We see you, we hear you and we will always fight for you.
How you've done the opposite of fight for that. You've given me more time, money, and cloud.
Oh, and we're going to look into that in the coming year.
Not close, not soon. That's sort of, I'm, I'm doing a rough draft with my new year's
resolutions, and that's top three right now. This is sort of sourcing with your flame.
With the pilot at light out, so the cold, the head just seeps through the kidney.
Oh, I, at Jeffrey James on Instagram, at Jeff Boyardy on Twitter, and we'll see you guys again next Friday
until then. Whoa, that's Dawds folks. How are you even saying? What's that?
Consistency is key. We'll see you guys again next week.
Hello.
That was a hit-dum original.